Rip notes: Nothing Ripped

After many delays, Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is finally arrived. Waiting for this game has been tough, but the finished product is in my hands and what matters is that the game was released, and not cancelled like a few other Dreamcast games. Capcom has been a huge developer for the Dreamcast with over 20 games, including Marvel VS Capcom 2 and Resident Evil: Code Veronica, and it is great to see that they are still showing their support. Most 3rd-party developers, including Capcom, have ventured to other next-gen consoles. Capcom could have easily dropped this title and concentrated on games for other systems. But instead they have released Geomatrix for US Dreamcast gamers at a very low price ($19.99).

Set in the future, where the line between fantasy and reality is very thin, humans escape reality and live their lives inside a virtual world called the Geomatrix. Humans have abandoned the real world for this luxurious virtual world. Then tragedy struck. The polar ice caps have melted, flooding the planet, and leaving only small portions of land above water. The remaining land has been taken over by gangs. The battle for this land starts, and takes place inside the Geomatrix.

Heavy Metal: Geomatrix is 3rd-person 3D fighting game. To give you an idea of what the game is like, think of it as a cross between Spawn and PowerStone. Each fighter is given a weapon to start off with and can pickup new weapons throughout the battle. Weapons rangine from bazookas, swords, machine guns, rocket launchers, flame throwers, and much more. You can also have two weapons, one for each hand, which is very cool. The game has the standard fighting game rules where it is based on rounds, and to win a round you must deplete your opponent's life meter. But not only is this 1-vs-1 fighting game, there are several times where it is 2-vs-1.

There are 12 characters to choose from in the game, that are from 4 different teams: 818 Stompers, 323 Agents, 707 Metal Heads, and 911 Elite.

Heavy Metal: Geomatrix not only had the great team of developers from Capcom, but they had some outside high profile talent. Kevin Eastman is the creative consultant for the game, and is the co-creator of the The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and owner of "Heavy Metal Magazine". Also on hand was character designer Simon Bisley. Simon was the designer behind the Heavy Metal 2000 movie, and has done very popular comic book work including Judge Dredd, and one of the most popular cross-overs ever "Batman vs Judge Dredd". Simon also worked on character design for Galaxy Quest, and the upcoming Time Machine remake. So Heavy Metal: Geomatrix has the same people behind it that made the Heavy Metal comic books, soundtracks, and movies what they are today.

Let's take a look at the good and the bad of this action packed fighting game. 