Game.....: Phantasy Star Online Version2
Origin...: USA - NTSC
Released.: September 18th, 2001
Ripped.......: See Notes


The new frontier awaits. The Hunters of Pioneer 2 have discovered the wonders of Phantasy Star Online Ver. 2. Including all of the original gameplay, PSO Ver. 2 adds more levels, more features, and more evil to combat. Attempt to master the Ultimate Difficulty setting, struggle to survive the infinite Challenge Dungeon, and reign as the supreme champion of Battle Mode. 

You can play with your existing PSO character, or create a new one as you strive to reach experience levels as high as 200! Engage in Lobby Ball with up to 12 players while you chat and get a team together for your next quest. 

Discover new and more powerful monsters, unearth rare items that have never been seen before, and experience the passing of time as day turns into night in this persistent online world. 

Phantasy Star Online Ver. 2 for Dreamcast continues the evolution of the original revolutionary gaming experience. 
   
- New features like Challenge Mode let you test your endurance, while Battle Mode allows player vs. player deathmatch action.
- Real-time combat against new, more powerful monsters.
- New rare items, day and night effects, and the Ultimate Difficulty Mode.
- Use your existing character, or create a new one, and try to reach Level 200!
- Lobby Ball for up to 12 players -- get a game going while you chat and form online teams.

Some small notes:

If this game asks you for a serial number (It will if you haven't played the Japanese version) just enter:

Serial: 17DFA62B
Access Key: 000000000 (Or any other random 8 digit number)

Even if you use the above key to play offline, you can still use another key you have with the characters you create because Online mode will ask again.
    
We optimized this game's layout so that it loads FASTER than the original version.  All of the non-English FMV has been ripped and
relinked to the English one.

BTW we put this information down here to annoy the lazy people who don't read nfo's fully. :)