Silent Scope & Spec Ops 2
 
Год выпуска: 2000
Жанр: Shooter
Разработчик: Dreamcast
Издательство: Kudos
Платформа: DC
Носитель: 1CD
Язык интерфейса: RUS
Описание:
Silent Scope
The President’s daughter has been kidnapped by a group of lethal terrorists and players must carefully neutralize these targets without injuring hostages or innocent bystanders. Thus begins Silent Scope, the console port of Konami's popular arcade shooter that features a plethora of missions in widely varied environments (including downtown, the freeway, and the sprawling estates). Players must also carry-out their objectives from various perspectives, including land, sea, and air while using an intuitive on-screen targeting system with a magnifiable scope. There are even multiple branching paths and additional modes developed exclusively for the home translation that weren't originally available in the coin-op version of the game.
 
Spec Ops II
Green Berets, you controlled a squad of special operations soldiers charged with carrying out a string of loosely related tactical missions across the globe. Due to the developers' troubles grappling with the AI, Spec Ops: Omega Squad does away with the squad-based elements entirely, instead putting you in control of a single soldier. This could be viewed as a turn for the better, as Spec Ops II: Green Berets was plagued with shoddy AI to begin with. Unfortunately, this decision also strips away a great deal of tactical depth, which is more readily present in other Dreamcast squad-based tactical titles such as Rainbow Six or Hidden and Dangerous. Your missions all consist of the standard tactical military fare - destroying enemy compounds, recovering military hardware, rescuing hostages, and the like. Your missions take place in five different locales: Antarctica, Korea, Pakistan, Thailand, and Germany. Each location has four to six missions, and these missions can be chosen at any time during the progression of the game, which creates a rather nonlinear experience.