Game : Shenmue
Origin : USA - NTSC
Released : November 9th, 2000
Ripped : Nothing!

Release Notes
Since ECHELON didn't do this one yet, we felt the need to fill the void. This release has absolutely nothing ripped out or downsampled!Never doubt the power of KALISTO, it's the force that's brought youhundreds and hundreds of quality console ISO releases over the last2 years, and we show that we are still capable of doing this timeand time again. Enjoy this amazing game, as we had to take quite a bit of time tomake this one, How was it ripped? Keep trying to guess :). You can expect the Passport Disc tomorrow, we really don't feel like doing much more at 4am after working on this game for many hours, you have to understand that we are retired in the DC scene, and thisis out of the ordinary for us. Anyway, Enjoy this masterpiece, asit's the game of the year for Dreamcast.

Game Info:
~~~~~~~~~~
ENTER THE MOST DETAILED INTERACTIVE WORLD YET.
The first chapter of Yu Suzuki's epic saga is at hand. Shenmue isan adventure game that transports you to Japan, circa 1986. You are Ryo, a young man trying to solve the mystery of his father'sdeath. Along the way, you'll be treated to the most richly-detailedgame world ever conceived. Shenmue offers a true living world,where characters exist on their own timelines and almost all objectscan be manipulated and used. Over the course of the adventure, you will learn new hand-to-hand fighting techniques, presented inbreathtaking motion-captured animations. You'll also interact with literally hundreds of characters and solve a myriad of puzzles. It's epic storytelling at its best, and it's only on Sega Dreamcast.

GAME FEATURES:
A massive, highly detailed 3D world featuring hundreds of interactive characters and objects to interact with. - Real-time fighting and action scenes with motion capture by real  budo experts. - In-game arcade features Sega classics such as Hang On and Space Harrier. (Which are both cracked in this rip!) - "Magic Weather" technology brings the world to life with changes to landscapes, climate, and vegetation. - Created by Yu Suzuki, the mastermind of arcade hits such as Virtua Fighter & Ferrari F355 Challenge.