Golden Axe Genesis
Author: krizalid
Release Date:  December 16, 2008

URL: http://seeproduction.blogspot.com/

Release Notes

Merry Christmas!!!  
This is my gift for all!!!   

Golden Ax Genesis is a tribute to the trilogy years ago to exit Sega Mega Drive (Genesis in America).
There will be all the characters of the trilogy, updated and
arranged for everyone to be calibrated and consistent with each other.
Boasting even blows and spells will also nuove.Inoltre
many known enemies and the chance to ride svarianti
beasts. The game will be wrapped in a new and unusual history New additions in the gameplay as mutilation (very similar the fatality of Mortal Kombat).

Game Story:

A man capable of manipulating the genesis (the creation of events) reported living in the most fearsome warriors ever existed, including Dark Prince and Dark Guld to spread blood and govern the mondo.Sfortunatamente But for him joining the temporal area have returned alive even heroes, like Alex the inseparable friend of Gilius thunderhead (which e'tornato with their legs), Ax Battler and Tyris Flare and certainly not stay and watch his wrongdoing.
It also added the appeal Kain Blade, Sarah Vane, ProudKragg and Cronus, even the enigmatic King decided Griffon to combine his powers with those of well ... but it is not the only rival which decided to side with the heroes, c'e'anche another gueriero, his name is: DEATH Adder!

Card game:

Title: Golden Ax Genesis
Developed at: Beats of Rage
Sprite: Sega / S.E.E.P. Edit
Programmers: S.E.E.P.
Format: OpenBor (WIN)
Players: 4
Year: Provided for 2008
Language: Italian / English
License: Freeware

Features:

-13 Different characters selectable.
-4 Figures secret.
-3 Modalita'di game (Story, Original and The Duel).
-Story Mode with multiple roads and final.
-21 Levels divided in 40 games for Stage modalita'Story and Original.
-The Duel with 20 missions and 15 exclusive arenas.
-More than 20 different enemies drawn from chapters of Golden Ax.
Mutilations-with special moves.
-Get special items freeing hostages or maim your opponents.
Three-beasts to ride.
-Exclusive features for each character.
New-stage levels as the saga out of phase requires.
IA-enemies and gameplay in pure style golden ax.
Modalidades-'Cooperative from 1 to 4 players simultaneously.
-Technical and spells a character to use in combat.
-Original Soundtrack.

Download in my Blog:

http://seeproduction.blogspot.com/


Additional Credits

OpenBoR Engine by SX & the community at lavalit.com

Beats of Rage Game Engine by Senile Team - http://www.senileteam.com

Dreamcast Port by Neill Corlett - http://www.neillcorlett.com

Compiled by Christuserloeser - http://www.dcevolution.net/
using BootDreams by fackue - http://dchelp.dcemulation.org/


DCEvolution.net 2008