Так как DreamBeam работает с файлами на диске, а в дисках, перечисленных ниже файлы совпадают, описание всего софта я привожу тут.

Action Replay CDX - Demo Version (PAL-E) (Eng) (DCL)
Action Replay CDX (PAL-E) (Eng) (Genesia)
DC Import Enabled (PAL-E) (Eng) (Belokk)
Planet DC Volume 1 (PAL-E) (Eng) (DCL).nfo
Planet DC Volume 2 (PAL-E) (Eng) (DCL).nfo
Planet DC Volume 3 (PAL-E) (Eng) (DCL).nfo


----------------------------
Action Replay CDX
---------------------------- 

Stretch your games to the max with the best-selling Action Replay cheat cartridge, now available for Dreamcast !" Action Replay CDX lets you play God. Blast your games wide open by arming yourself with unlimited lives, ammo, health and weapons. Beat your opponents by selecting hidden cars and tracks. Stretch your games to the limit by unlocking secrets you were never meant to discover. Action Replay's cartridge simply plugs into the 
Dreamcast's memory card slot. Select your game from the on-screen program menu, then choose which cheat codes you would like enabled. It's as easy as that. Now boot up your game - it's time to even the odds, with Action Replay on your side ! Action Replay CDX is fully programmable with new cheat codes, which can be stored on the cartridge for retrieval at any time.  
Dreamcast CDX takes full advantage of the console's 128-bit architecture, with many enhanced features including innovative hi-res graphics and full internet compatibility. You can connect to the official Action Replay  
website www.codejunkies.com to download the latest game cheats direct to your Dreamcast.

Action replay CDX is the only game enhancer for the Sega Dreamcast If you've ever craved infinite health to defeat an unbeatable end-of-level boss, or wanted to experience the thrill of awesome secret levels, Action Replay CDX is just what the doctor ordered  

Action Replay CDX is preloaded with stacks of new cheat codes for the hottest Dreamcast games Easily programmable with thousands of new codes! New codes can be obtained by phoning the Codejunkies hotline (updated weekly), surfing www.codejunkies.com (updated daily), or checking the cheat codes section in leading video game magazines.


---------------------------------- 
DC-IMPORT ENABLER	
---------------------------------- 

here is a rare item i got from my firend at interact the other day. this disc came out around the end of the dc systems life span and was only sold on the interact website. i now can bring you this release of a hard to find disc. i want to thank my friend at interact for bringing me this. also thanks to interact for the pass 8 years of accessories that they made for the gameing industry you guy's will be missed. i hope everyone enjoy's this release.
 
History/Notes:

ok this disc is pretty self-explantory.

1. Place the disc in the dc, close the lid and power on.
2. When its done loadingand see the dc-ie screen, take the disc and swap it for your import game
3. Wait a few mins than press the start button, and your done

i know people have the dc-x but this is alot smaller image and works the same way, just without the extra options. enjoy !


---------------------------------- 
   Planet DC Volume 1 
---------------------------------- 
 
Each volume of Planet DC is crammed with more than 50 fantastic cheats to blow your games wide open, playable straight from the CD.
Arm yourself with unlimited lives and ammo. Beat your opponents by selecting secret cars and weapons. Unlock hidden levels and characters you were never meant to discover. Your games will never be the same
again!

Volume 1 contains cheats for the following games: 

Tomb Raider : The Last Revelation 
ECW Hardcore Revolution 
Soul Fighter 
Power Stone 
House of the Dead 2 
UAFA Striker 
Ready 2 Rumble Boxing 
Hydro Thunder 
Soul Reaver : Legacy of Kain 
Mortal Kombat Gold 
Tokyo Highway Challenge 
Speed Devils 


---------------------------------- 
   Planet DC Volume 2 
---------------------------------- 
 
Each volume of Planet DC is crammed with more than 50 fantastic cheats to blow your games wide open, playable straight from the CD.
Arm yourself with unlimited lives and ammo. Beat your opponents by selecting secret cars and weapons. Unlock hidden levels and characters you were never meant to discover. Your games will never be the same
again !

Volume 2 contains cheats for the following games: 

Resident Evil 2 
Trickstyle 
Expendable (Millenium Soldier) 
South Park Chef's Luv Shack 
Sonic Adventure 
Soul Calibur 
NBA 2K 
Sega Worldwide Soccer 
WWF Attitude 
Psychic Force 2012 
Wetrix 
Fighting Force 2 


---------------------------------- 
   Planet DC Volume 3 
---------------------------------- 
 
Each volume of Planet DC is crammed with more than 50 fantastic cheats to blow your games wide open, playable straight from the CD.
Arm yourself with unlimited lives and ammo. Beat your opponents by selecting secret cars and weapons. Unlock hidden levels and characters you were never meant to discover. Your games will never be the same
again !

Volume 3 contains cheats for the following games: 

Crazi Taxi 
Shadowman 
Virtua Fighter 3TB 
Marvel Vs Capcom 
NFL Blitz 2000 
Red Dog 
Slave Zero 
Toy Commander 
Rayman 2 
Jo Jo's Bizarre Adventure 
Snow Surfers 
and More... 





