Game.....: UEFA Dream Soccer (C) Sega / Infogrames
Origin...: EUROPE - PAL/NTSC
Released.: January 26th, 2001
Ripped.......: Commentary DS'd

Make sure you run UNPACK/INJECT prior to burning the image!

Finally, an entry to the age-old genre that's worthy of gracing
the Dreamcast. Yes, it's not a shocker; it's UEFA Dream Soccer!

CONCEPT:

Well Des, the idea is to give at least 110% for the full 90; as
long as the ball is in the back of the net enough times, and the
boys (or girls) do good, then this funny old game of two halves
will make the opposition as sick as the proverbial parrot.

GAMEPLAY:
 
Anyone at all familiar with this genre will be able to instantly
pick up and play, but there are numerous subtleties and more than
enough nifty little moves to discover. The game plays very fluidly
and is fast and slick, although the defensive AI has definitely
taken a leaf out of the lemming survival guide. There is, however,
much gratification to be found in testing the keeper with
outrageous chips, lobs and full-monty, paint-stripping, 40-yard
pile drivers into the top left corner. You can up the power of the
shots for more outrageous efforts, but don't go thinking that it's
easy to score. Hell no. It takes art, guile and practice. The
pleasure of scoring from a fabulous flick on in the dying seconds
is something to savour for years to come and to recall for
generations.

STRUCTURE:

All in all, there's more than enough to offer as a feast to the
football altar, and plenty of new bits to open up as you progress
through the leagues and cups. Don't fear though, there's no need
to go into unlock frenzy because there are plenty of distractions
in the shape of the suitably large-sounding Global Domination, the
prolonged Survival mode, the online/offline challenge of Time
Attack, plus a novel 'Gender Challenge' (not a transvestite
sub-game, alas). There's also a Street Fighter-esque Team 
Challenge and the expected Versus mode, just by way of basic Arcade
options. The more old school of you may opt for the Traditional
mode, where you can play any of the large number of teams at your
disposal. Alternatively, you can go on a nationalist tip and risk
humiliating defeats at the hands of minnows in the World
Tournament, or scale the heights of the European trophy with the
rank outsiders. Just don't expect the real player names...
 
AVAILABLE TEAMS:

You can select your favourite club squad from the top flight
leagues of the English, French, Spanish, Italian, German, Dutch,
Scottish... need we go on? Suffice to say, the main teams on the
European Stage (with a couple of guest entries) will be there at
your disposal. You can also make your selection from almost any 
national side, within reason. 

SOUND AND VISION:

The graphics are very tasty and certainly knock the spots of
anything else currently on the DC market. The player movement is
smooth and the detail of the stadiums set new architectural
standards.

KEY FEATURES:

- Wide range of club and national teams.
- Both male and female national teams.
- Numerous cups, leagues, and arcade challenges.
- Online challenge.
- Easy to pick up, challenging to the master.

IN A NUTSHELL:

Not just another football game, but the cream of the crop.