Worms - Armageddon (NTSC-U) (Eng) (Kalisto)

Worms Armageddon
picГод выпуска: 1999
Год выпуска в России: 2002
Жанр: Strategy (Turn-based)
Разработчик: Team17 Software
Издательство: Hasbro Interactive
Локализатор в России: Revolt Games
Издатель в России: Руссобит-М
Платформа: Dreamcast
Носитель: win.rar
Язык интерфейса: точно не знаю, но наверное [ENG]
Тип перевода: текст + звук
Образ: mdf/mds
Описание: Worms Armageddon от команды Team 17 приглашает вас принять участие в разборках червяков-милитаристов, которые в совершенстве владеют неимоверным количеством самого разнообразного оружия - лук, пистолеты, ядерные снаряды... Вас ожидают тонны оружия, с подробными инструкциями по применению. Военные действия, сопровождающиеся черным юмором, сарказмом, музыкой и приколами доставят удовольствие всем почитателям ползающих вояк.
Легендарные червячки 2D на Дриме. Самая первая версия игры на этой платформе (портированная с PlayStation 1). На каком языке, не знаю - на эмулях запустить не удалось, а на Дриме ещё не тестил. Поэтому думайте сами качать или нет. Так же незнаю самозагружающаяся (Selfboot) она или нет.

Game : Worms Armageddon
Origin : USA - NTSC
Released : July 30th, 2000

Today we bring you another CD-DA & WinCE game, this requires an 80Minute Blank so make sure you have one around. Note that most of the FMV was downsampled to make the huge audio tracks fit on here. Please take note, that we have taken a new approach to packagingthis game.Rather than wasting your download time and bandwidthdownloading a BIN/CUE version with all the audio tracks in WAVEform, we have included the data track as a .BIN, with all the audiotracks in MP3 format.Simply run UNPACK.EXE in the directory inwhich you un-RAR'd, and you will get all the CD-DA tracks in .WAV format.Now, you can load the CUE sheet into CDRWIN.Pretty nifty, huh?Thanks to our friends at CLASS/BACKLASH for the idea and forthe unpacker tool.Expect most of our CDDA games to be packagedthis way when it can save large amounts of space - This release was35 RARS without MP3's, and 10 with. 

Game Info:
~~~~~~~~~~
WORM VS. WORM. It's the end of the worm world as we know it! In Worms Armageddon on Sega Dreamcast, those wriggly pink creatures may look cute, butthey're wreaking havoc underground as they try to bump each other off. Don't let the game's humorous antics, voices, and animations fool you - you need all the strategy and skill you can muster tolead your team to victory. There are dozens of zany weapons at yourdisposal, and some may surprise you such as the exploding Ming Vase, mole bombs, and mad cows falling from the sky. Turn-based,multi-player mode lets you pit your team against up to four others.Single-player mode challenges you with a series of fast and furiousmissions. Who ever said worms were slow?

- Next generation of the smash PC hit Worms 2.
- More than 60 wacky and unexpected weapons. 
- Customize your battle or play on one of the thousands of randomizedlandscapes.
- Multiple ways to play, including campaigns, matches, and training missions. 
- Outlandish 2D graphics and sound bring the worms to life.