        Well after the DoTWiN brought u the german version, hes proud
        to bring u the PAL UK *English* version of Alone in the Dark 4
        for the famous DC. The original was on 2GD?s, to bring you an 
        almost complete game (Intro is still ripped), it was necessary
        to split the 2Gd?s in 4CD?s, see below! Enjoy it!
         
          CDInfos:

        The game comes on 4CD?s, below u?ll se whats on which disc and
        what has been ripped:

          CD1A ALINE: Contains Alines part of the the first GD-Rom, 
                 Edward is ripped out and the game will freeze if u 
                 select him to start a new game. The Intro was ripped,
                 evrything else that belongs to Aline is on this disc, 
                 also all the movies and sounds in original quality.
                 Disc Info: 31 * 20MB (gen-ad1a.001 - gen-ad1a.031)

         CD1B EDWARD: Contains Edwards part of the the first GD-Rom, 
                 Aline is ripped out and the game will freeze if u 
                 select her to start a new game. The Intro was ripped,
                 evrything else that belongs to Edward is on this disc, 
                 also all the movies and sounds in original quality.
                 Disc Info: 33 * 20MB (gen-ad1b.001 - gen-ad1b.033)

         CD2A ALINE: Contains Alines part of the the second GD-Rom, 
                 Edward is ripped out and the game will freeze if u 
                 load a savegame of Edward. Nothing was ripped, exept 
                 all the data of Edward, that comes on CD2B!
                 Movies and sounds are untuched and in orig. quality.
                 Disc Info: 36 * 20MB (gen-ad2a.001 - gen-ad2a.036)

         CD2A EDWARD: Contains Eswards part of the the second GD-Rom, 
                 Aline is ripped out and the game will freeze if u 
                 load a savegame of Aline. Nothing was ripped, exept 
                 all the data of Aline, that comes on CD1B!
                 Movies and sounds are untuched and in orig. quality.
                 Disc Info: 37 * 20MB (gen-ad2b.001 - gen-ad2b.037)

          So actually only the Intro was ripped evrything else is there!!
          And don?t care about swaping its like in then original game,
          when u have beaten disc1 with Aline or Cranby you either 
          have to save and swap to the second disc to continue with
          the same caracter or you can start a new game with the other 
          caracter, therefore u have to swap to the other disc1,
          that?s the whole difference. 
         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         The quest of three old shelves, which could be the key of 
         a strange and worrying enigma, leds Edward Carnby and Aline 
         Cedrac on the shadow island.
         But hardly have they land than they discover mysterious 
         creatures of evil. On this island where terror reigns, behind 
         each shadow can be dissimulated uncredible secrets like 
         atrocious nightmares...






Используем Alone in the Dark 4 CD2SwapFix *UK/German/French* для исправления проблем с обоими вторыми дисками в игре.

Вот кратко о нём:
         Well after some time its done the swap on Alone 4 is working 
         now! This is a little toolbox to fix both 2nd discs of all 
         4CD Alone in the Dark 4 releases, but its easy to handle: 
         AITD 4  French Alpax, AITD 4 German GeniuS, AITD 4 UK GeNiuS;
         When u apply this patch u?ll lose the ending, but after the swap
         u also can go on with your old CD2?s including the ending.

         Remember: Alpax find the way to swap the discs, but they did 
         only repacks of the UK and the French CD2. I think its not 
         necessary to download again 1.2 gigs so I made the fix, hope 
         you?ll enjoy!!


          How it works:

         1. Extract the whole [gen-afix.001] to any of you hardiscs
            (u?ll get a Dir called "AloneFix" with a sub dir "data" on that hd
         2. Insert the CD2 you want to fix to your CD-Rom Drive and run 
            Isobuster.exe to extract all data from your chosen Alone 4 CD2 
            to your Fix-folder \data (e.g.d:\AloneFix\data) on your harddisk.
         3. Extract the [AloneFix.zip] to your fix rootdirectory, 
            (e.g. d:\AloneFix) overwriting old files;
         4. Run [AloneFix.bat] and wait till the data track is recorded
         5. Open DiscJuggler and burn gen-afix -session1.iso;
         6. Now  fire up CDR-Win:
             Click the 2nd icon from the top left "File Backup & Tools" 
             For Backup Tool/Operation select: "Record an ISO9660 Image" 
             For image filename choose gen-afix.iso in the e.g. d:\AloneFix dir
             Check the following options:
              Disc type: CDROM-XA             Track Mode: MODE2
              Speed: What u want              Close Session: YES 
              Write Postgap: YES              Open new session: NO
	   
           Click start button to burn!  

        7. Thats all enjoy and swap disc when you?ll be asked for.
