Game.....: World Series Baseball 2K2
Origin...: USA - NTSC
Released.: August 14th, 2001
Ripped.......: Intro FMV DS'd

This year, Sega Sports brings online gaming to the majors with World Series Baseball 2K2. In true 2K2 spirit, WSB 2K2 now supports online play and chat. Want more? Drop those over-priced nachos and dig into  WSB 2K2's all new fielder controls, ultra-realistic animations, Home  Run Derby and perfectly rendered teams and stadiums. Wanna get out of the bullpen and into the action? Get online and play ball. WSB 2K2 - this is the way baseball was meant to be played.
Game Features:- Six great modes of play: Exhibition, Season, Playoffs, Home Run Derby, Franchise and Online. - Complete Fielding Control - Full command of all action on the diamond! - Online mode includes chat and head-to-head play. - Fully Licensed: Every team. Every stadium. - Abilities of all players are based upon extensive real-life player ratings. - Fantasy Draft included in Season mode. - Build your team into the next dynasty with the new Franchise mode. - All-new fully controllable Instant Replay lets you view every possible angle of your favorite plays. - Multiple team control so you can now play a Season with your friends. - Updated MLB Rosters for the 2001 season. - Hot and Cold Zones illustrate batters' strengths and weaknesses. - Player injuries -- Number of missed games varies by severity of injury. - Signature batting and pitching styles for today's hottest players. - Create, trade and sign free agents. - All the lineup control of a big league manager - Edit your pitching staff, juggle the starting rotation and bullpen and create different batting orders. - Unique player accessories - Sunglasses, eye black, gloves, socks, shin guards, catcher masks, elbow protectors, etc. - Ted Robinson, voice of the San Francisco Giants, delivers exceptionally original commentary.
Rip Notes:Only the Sega Sports / Intro FMVs were downsampled. Commentary and all other game data is untouched. This game is released only 5 days after Sega finalized their code. Not bad eh? The only thing we have a hard time understanding is why Sega keeps wasting our time with these ridiculous protections which get broken on the same day the game hits retail. High Res scanned covers are also included with this releaes for your enjoyment. Have fun with the game, we know many have been awaiting this one!
