Sega Rally 2 - Sega Rally Championship (NTSC-U) (Eng) (Kalisto) [!]
Game : Sega Rally 2 Championship (C) Sega
Origin : USA - NTSC
Released : July 27th, 2000

Release Notes:
This game had all of the CDDA In-Game music ripped out, and it would not have fit on this game even if CDDA was possible at this point in time. This game is another WinCE title cracked to work with thecurrent bootdisk and it fits on a 74 Min Blank, Enjoy. 
Game Info:
YOU GOT THE GUTS FOR GLORY? Rev up your Sega Dreamcast and floor it to the finish line! Sega Rally 2 is one high-speed, off-road racing thrill-ride designedexclusively for Sega Dreamcast. It's a flawless arcade translation that's been suped up with new Dreamcast-only features, such as 12new gut-wrenching courses and 11 new kick-butt cars. Burn throughbrutal terrain as you navigate treacherous tracks and unpredictableweather. Maximize your champion potential by fully customizing yourmean racing machine: changing tires, suspension, and steeringaccording to road conditions. Four play modes allow you to challenge your speed demon buddies and race fender-to-fender with a splitscreen view. Dreamcast's incredible 3D graphics are so ultra-realistic, you'll need wipers to keep the dirt off your TV. - 16 challenging courses, including 12 Dreamcast exclusives (arcadeversion has four courses). - 19 car types, including 11 Dreamcast exclusives, each with uniquehandling.- Four play modes, including Time Attack mode, Arcade mode, Ten Year Championship mode, and Versus mode.- Split-screen racing allows two racers to play simultaneously.- Fully customizable vehicles--change tires, suspension, and steeringto adjust to road conditions and time of day.

Sega Rally Championship 2
Год выпуска: 1999
Жанр: гонки
Разработчик: Sega Enterprises
Издательство: Sega Enterprises
Платформа: Dreamcast
Регион: PAL
Носитель: 1 CD (Образ mdf/mds)
Язык интерфейса: RUS
Тип перевода: текст
Мультиплейер: 2x
Описание: Заставьте кровь бурлить, а сердце биться, словно мощный мотор. Эта игра не оставит равнодушным ни одного любителя раллийных гонок. Она создана по лицензии Международной Федерации автоспорта с привлечением профессиональных гонщиков WRC. Здесь каждый участок трассы — настоящее испытание нервов и машины. Станьте гонщиком WRC. Быстрее за руль! 