Game.....: NFL 2K
Origin...: USA - NTSC
Released.: December 26th, 2000
Ripped.......: See Release Notes

Right before the end of millenium, ECHELON has cracked for your pleasure the games that all American's have been awaiting since the beginning of the Dreamcast scene! Yes baby! After 6 months of on and off work we give you NBA2K, NFL2K, NBA2K1, and NFL2K1. We hope you all had a nice Christmas/Hanukkah/Kwanzaa, enjoy these games before the start of the new millenium & year!

Greetings to our friends at Kalisto Playstation for helping us with the cracks! These releases would not be possible without them, Thanks!

The commentary and play by play announcing has been downsampled in this release and the intro FMV has been downsampled.

Also, please take note that this isn't your standard format for a self-booting image. Quite a few people may have problems burning these games. We have devised a few solutions for those that may have problems with DiscJuggler:

A) Self-Boot Solution
1. Run CDIRIP on the DiscJuggler image with the flags /iso and /full. 
2. Goto CDRWIN's Tools Menu, Select Record ISO9660 Image. Choose the 1st Session as your ISO image, select the options: CDROM-XA, MODE2, Open New Session, Finalize Close/Session.
3. Burn this session off at your desired speed.
4. Goto CDRWIN's Tools Menu, Select Record ISO9660 Image. Choose the 2nd Session as your ISO image, select the options: CDROM-XA, MODE2, Finalize/Close Session.
B) CD-Loader Solution
1. Run CDIRIP on the DiscJuggler image with the flags /iso and /full.
2. Goto CDRWIN's Tools Menu, Select Record ISO9660 Image, Choose the 1st Session as your ISO image, Select the options: CDROM, MODE1, and Finalize/Close Session.
3. Burn it off and load up in your CD-Loader.
Alternate method: Use CDmage and extract all files from the 1st session, then master them with your favorite data mastering program as MODE1.

Of course if you have a decent burner that fully supports DiscJuggler, you don't have to worry about any of the above, and you can just burn off the self-booting DiscJuggler image.

Other Notes:
- NFL 2K & NBA 2K do not work with RGB cables, the same problem is present on the original and we were unable to find a fix for it. If anyone else wants to fix these, be our guest.
- NFL 2K1 & NBA 2K1 work fine on RGB cables, and all of these games work fine with a VGA Box.
- NBA 2K1 & NFL 2K1 support online play through SegaNet and this feature has been tested in our releases.
- Due to the audio being downsampled, you might want to goto the options menu and turn up the volume settings before starting a game.

There can only be one! Many warriors tried and only one suceeded: 
E-C-H-E-L-O-N!

Game Information And Features
PASS ME THE CONSOLE. 
Why watch the game on TV when you can be right there on the turf, delivering bullet passes and bone-crushing tackles along side the pros? Sega Dreamcast now gives you NFL-approved 3D football, created with playbooks designed by seasoned coaches and play-calling tendencies of real NFL teams. Over 1,300 motion-captured moves were shot using pro players, referees and stuntmen to create the most heart-stopping, ultra-realistic sports gameplay ever made. When you tackle the tight end, he doesn't just fall over. He responds to the direction and force of the tackle, and even stumbles if your aim falls short. You'll even get rained on or shouted at by the animated crowd, adding to the incredible detail and momentum of the game. Time to put those other football games out to pasture. Dreamcast scores. 

Game Features:
- 1,300+ motion-captured character animations for the most realistic looking football game ever created.
- True 3D collisions with complex point-based physics modeling.
- High-resolution, 60 frames per second graphics engine for the most detailed characters to date.
- Real-time weather which dramatically affects gameplay. 
- All 32 stadiums accurately modeled in true 3D. 
- Complete and accurate game and season statistics to satisfy the most hardcore fan.
- Unprecedented level of detail in all aspects of the game: from the crowd leaving during a blowout, to characters on the sideline scattering as a player runs out of bounds.