Game.....: Sega Extreme Sports (C) Sega / Innerloop
Origin...: EUROPE - PAL/NTSC
Released.: October 14th, 2000
Ripped.......: Some CDDA

Release Notes

This game had a brand new protection scheme, the first one that
Sega themselves have actually made. Due to this, you must burn this
CDI with DiscJuggler ONLY, you can not use CDIRIP or extract the
files through other methods and rebuild the ISO. You MUST burn this
image with DiscJuggler V2.X or the game will not work. Also take
note that some CDDA got ripped, and the remaining CDDA was relinked to other tracks that are still remaining on the disc.

Game Features And Information
 
Whoa, dude! Put on some baggy trousers and cut your hair in a
ridiculous style - its time to get stoked.

CONCEPT

Extreme-type sports have been a popular subject matter for games in recent times, and Sega naturally wanted to go one better than the
competition and combine some of the most extreme pastimes into one extreme package.

EVENTS

Cunningly, these can be played separately or as a kind of relay race
in which you swap between modes of transport at checkpoints,
hammering the A button, Track and Field-style, to sprint faster
between them.

- Snowboarding: Naturally theres a game based around this favorite   hobby of trust-funded twentysomethings who dont have to have   proper careers. Steer your person down the icy slopes, pulling off    daftly named tricks like the Japan Air and Stalefish. Rails for  grinding upon stylishly appear every so often, but its best to rely on raw speed.

- Hang Gliding: Float like a feather on the air, then slam into the  ground and earn yourself some compound fractures. This event   begins with your glider being toward spasmodically by a plain until you press the red buton to release. Ramming the blue balloons slows you down bu scarlet ones add more velocity. You can also pull off some stunts while hanging on the bar, such as twirling around rapidly.

- Mountain Biking: Pedal lots and then pedal some more as you scream down steep hillsides on a spindly bicycle that probably costs more than your car. Evel Kneivel-proportioned jumps are mandatory.

- ATV: or quad bikes by any other name. Hammer across ramp-strewn tracks, trying to avoid doing a Rik Mayall, Acrobatic stunts can be executed in which the rider does an impression of Superman, barely touching the bike at all, legs a-waving.
  
- Bungy and BASE Jumping: Leap off a bridge, antenna, span or earth (i.e. a mountain) and hurtle towards the unforgiving ground, saved only by a big piece of elastic or a hastily thrown chute.

GAMEPLAY

The focus is mainly on the racing so beating the field to the line is more important than just looking flash. Cunning use of the line of least resistance down the hillsides gains speed and places, aided by a boost gauge that lets you make an extra effort and add a spurt of speed at tactical moments. In most events your character can also lash out with their fists (terribly unsporting, but very extreme) and knock the opposition off their footing.
 
SOUND AND VISION

The craggy slopes and beachfront property most of the game takes place over and around looks great, helped by some glaring sun flare effects that'll have you fumbling for your Oakleys. Particularly noteworthy is the games soundtrack, provided by the sublime Ninja Tune record label. 
 
A barrage of quality hyper funky tracks from the likes of Coldcut, DJ Food, Amon Tobin and pals makes a nice change from the Japanese hand-me-downs and appalling Yankee sports metal tracks that all too often have you reaching for the BGM slider.

KEY FEATURES

- Variety of challenges
- Soundtrack of the year
- VMU compatible
- Vibration Pack compatible

IN A NUTSHELL

There's something for everyone here, based around a solid core of 
balls-out radical racing with a first division soundtrack.