Game.....: Grandia II * Repack *
Origin...: USA - NTSC
Released.: January 11th, 2001
Ripped.......: Read Release Notes

Release Notes:
As just about the whole world knows by now, our previous release of this was screwed pretty badly - and there was no 100% fix for it. We definitely should have waited and tested a lot more before we released Grandia II, but we didn't. This led to one of the biggest messes in the DC scene so far, and definitely our worst mistake thus far. We don't leave our supporters empty-handed though, and today we bring you the 100% working repack of Grandia II. We completed the whole game with this version and it is 100% working. 
 
We started the rip from scratch, so it is split up on the CD's a bit differently. This time we did it better and managed to save some space for self-boot. The FMV was downsampled and so was the audio.

You must manually swap CD's in this rip. After defeating Valmar's Body, You take off in the Granasaber to St. Heim Holy City. You must visit the Inn in St. Heim Holy City, Save your game, and power off CD1. Then load up CD2, load up your saved game, and continue play. Please note that this CD swap is MANDATORY to progress through the game. If you do not swap CD's at this point, you will face freeze(s) later in the game.

Sorry for our screwup previously, and enjoy this nice game in it's complete form.

Game Features And Information
In Grandia II, Ryudo has been hired to protect a young priestess who must participate in a ceremony to halt the encroaching rebirth of Valmar, the God of Darkness. Embroiled between the forces of good and evil, Ryudo must follow his destiny and save the people he detests so much. 

Grandia II marks the return of GameArts' classic franchise. Offering a wide array of characters, a deep and involving storyline and a combat system above and beyond all others, Grandia II harnesses the power of the Sega Dreamcast. 

You'll interact with hundreds of characters as you work to stop the rebirth of Valmar, the God of Darkness. Watch as the story unfolds through cinematic cut-scenes with voice-over. Grandia II is an RPG of epic proportions that no serious gamer should miss. 

Game Features:
- Beautiful real-time 3D graphics and over 20 minutes of high-resolution CG graphics. 
- Innovative, highly customizable combat system - part real-time, part turn-based. 
- Fully 3D world with hundreds upon hundreds of people to interact with. 